This is a [[http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?WikiWikiWeb|wiki]] site compiled using **RuWiKo** (Ruby Wiki Kompiler): a static wiki generator. You can write a wiki with your favorite text editor as a set of text files in your filesystem and compile it to a static site with a single command.

I chosen the name based on its "Japanese feel".

== Features ==
* [[http://www.wikicreole.org/wiki/Creole1.0|Creole 1.0]] markup (extended)
* Presentation completely personalizable
* Good print stylesheet

== Requirements ==
* Ruby 1.9
* [[http://github.com/gmccreight/wikicreole|WikiCreole]]

== Installation ==
When you have all the requirements, you only need to download this repository. For this step you have two options:

* Download an archive of the last version of //RuWiKo// from  [[http://bitbucket.org/manuelp/ruwiko/downloads/|here]].
* Use [[http://mercurial.selenic.com/|Mercurial]] to download (and stay up-to-date) the last version:

{{{
hg clone http://bitbucket.org/manuelp/ruwiko
}}}

== Configuration ==
There are 4 configuration parameters that you can change editing the //compile.rb// file:

; **TITLE** : This is the name of the site rendered in the header of //every// page. Default - "RuWiKo".
; **SUBTITLE** : The subtitle of the site that is rendered on the right side of the title. Could be empty. You can even have a newline before the subtitle if you use {{{<BR/>}}} as a prefix. Default - "A simple static wiki compiler."
; **HTML_DIR** : Directory that will contain the compiled site. Default - "html"
; **WIKI_DIR** : Directory which contains the text of the wiki pages written in Creole. Default - "wiki"

== Usage ==
Simply write as many //*.wiki// files as you wish using the [[http://www.wikicreole.org/wiki/Creole1.0|Creole]] syntax in the //wiki// directory, then run the //compile.rb// program:

{{{
ruby compile.rb
}}}

All the compiled wiki pages and the CSS files will be placed under the //html// directory.

== Personalization ==
You can have a great control on look 'n feel of the generated site by editing the files contained in the //data// directory:

; **default.html** : This is the file that specify the layout of every page. Editing this file you can alter the structure of the page and add anything you want.
; **screen.css** : The CSS stylesheet that control the presentation of every page rendered on the screen.
; **print.css** : This stylesheet control the rendering of the page suitable for printing.
